Fixing: #843 problem with onchange callback (#1310)
codex-team/editor.js: docs/CHANGELOG.md

- `Fix` - Fixed issue with enter key in inputs and textareas [#920](https://github.com/codex-team/editor.js/issues/920)
- `Improvements` - Allowed to set `false` as `toolbox` config in order to hide Toolbox button [#1221](https://github.com/codex-team/editor.js/issues/1221)
- `Fix` - blocks.getBlockByIndex() API method now returns void for indexes out of range [#1270](https://github.com/codex-team/editor.js/issues/1270)

> - `Fix` - Fixed `onChange` method callback issue with input and textarea which occurs during initilization of editorJS holder [#843](https://github.com/codex-team/editor.js/issues/843)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Fix` - Fixed the `onChange` callback issue. This method didn't be called for native inputs before some contentedtable element changed [#843](https://github.com/codex-team/editor.js/issues/843)
```
